# Drawing-Final-Project
Final Project for CSCI-UA.0380-002

I decided to base my final project on different perceptions of happiness and the potential flaws of these routes. As an individual that is leaving university and entering the workforce, it is time to plan out how I want to shape myself and my values for the years to come. Of course, nothing is possible without money, but there is so much money cannot bring to your life. The first route, included in my demo, is one where wealth and physical assets are valued as the main ingredient for happiness. Here happiness is not persisting and exists in a very raw form. Many relationships and precious time have been sacrificed to acquire this wealth. Another is one where happiness is present, but there is an eagerness to obtain wealth. Happiness exists in many forms, but would be sacrificed in exchanged for wealth without a second thought. The path to wealth involves sacrificing relationships and time for a payout. This path can very easily get out of hand and leave you wanting a reset. The final one showcases a balance between obtaining wealth and holding onto sentiments of life that are often overlooked. This brings a more sustainable type of happiness in one's life. Finding the perfect balance amongst friends, family, work, hobbies, etc. is difficult, but can be very rewarding. 
Through my drawings, I will invoke emotions relative to these specific paths. The first two drawings will very much be similar to a story of regret/sacrifice while the third drawing will display a happiness that could not be elicited by the other two. 
